docs/en-US/Test-PingAsync.md, before:

---
external help file: PSNetScanners.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PSNetScanners
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-PingAsync

## SYNOPSIS

{{ Fill in the Synopsis }}

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Test-PingAsync
    [-Target] <String[]>
    [-BufferSize <Int32>
    [-ResolveDns] [-Ttl <Int32>]
    [-DontFragment]
    [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>]
    [-ConnectionTimeout <Int32>]
    [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

{{ Fill in the Description }}

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -BufferSize

{{ Fill BufferSize Description }}

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: bfs

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ConnectionTimeout

{{ Fill ConnectionTimeout Description }}

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: timeout, to, ct

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DontFragment

{{ Fill DontFragment Description }}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResolveDns

{{ Fill ResolveDns Description }}

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: dns

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Target

{{ Fill Target Description }}

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ComputerName, HostName, Host, Server, Address

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ThrottleLimit

{{ Fill ThrottleLimit Description }}

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: tl

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Ttl

{{ Fill Ttl Description }}

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProgressAction

{{ Fill ProgressAction Description }}

```yaml
Type: ActionPreference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: proga

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String[]

## OUTPUTS

### PSNetScanners.PingResult

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

almost done with ping docs

docs/en-US/Test-PingAsync.md, after:

---
external help file: PSNetScanners.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: PSNetScanners
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-PingAsync

## SYNOPSIS

Parallel ICMP scanner.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Test-PingAsync
    [-Target] <String[]>
    [-BufferSize <Int32>
    [-ResolveDns] [-Ttl <Int32>]
    [-DontFragment]
    [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>]
    [-ConnectionTimeout <Int32>]
    [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

`Test-PingAsync` is a PowerShell cmdlet that ICMP echo requests in parallel using [`Ping.SendPingAsync` Method](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.networkinformation.ping.sendpingasync). In essence, it's like `Test-Connection` with less options but faster.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1

```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -BufferSize

Specifies the size, in bytes, of the buffer sent with this command.

> [!NOTE]
>
> The default value is 32.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: bfs

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: 32
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ConnectionTimeout

Specifies a timeout __in milliseconds__ for each async task.

> [!NOTE]
>
> - If a task is not completed after this timeout, the status will be `TimedOut`.
> - The default value for this parameter is `4000` (4 seconds).

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: timeout, to, ct

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DontFragment

This parameter sets the Don't Fragment flag in the IP header. See [`PingOptions.DontFragment` Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.networkinformation.pingoptions.dontfragment#system-net-networkinformation-pingoptions-dontfragment).

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResolveDns

Causes the cmdlet to attempt to resolve the DNS name of the target.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: dns

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Target

{{ Fill Target Description }}

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ComputerName, HostName, Host, Server, Address

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ThrottleLimit

Specifies the maximum number of async tasks to run in parallel.

> [!NOTE]
>
> The default value for `-ThrottleLimit` is `50`.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: tl

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Ttl

Sets the maximum number of hops that an ICMP request message can be sent. The default value is controlled by the operating system. The default value for Windows 10 and higher is 128 hops.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

This cmdlet supports the common parameters. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String[]

## OUTPUTS

### PSNetScanners.PingResult

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[`Ping.SendPingAsync` Method](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.networkinformation.ping.sendpingasync)

[`PingOptions.DontFragment` Property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.networkinformation.pingoptions.dontfragment#system-net-networkinformation-pingoptions-dontfragment)

[about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216)
